But you...
But for a family.
For a small profit.
Left me like we were
Now you should understand.
Your betrayal.
What will it cost?
So...
You've been hiding from me for 20 years.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
You told me.
It's obviously not going to develop to this point.
I told you.
Do you believe it?
At first
I'm tired of court chaos.
Choose to live in hiding.
I saved you from the flood.
The summer border is full of smoke
Foreign countries without countries
I shouldn't have stayed.
But I can't let you go.
I've been here for 20 years.
20 years of company.
For you.
Nonsense.
Mom.
I really know wrong, Mom.
Dear, it's too late.
The wealth, power, status you want.
In my eyes
It's worthless.
You want more power.
The higher class.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm also happy for you.
But you shouldn't be ungrateful.
Cut off your mother's relationship with me.
Mom.
I'm just lost.
None of this is what my mother wanted.
It seems
There's really a difference between you and me between clouds and mud.
From now on
You and me
You, Li Van Hieu.
He's not my adopted son anymore.
You do it yourself.
Someone pulled it down.
Foreign Mausoleum of Death